Update the Incompatible Istio Sidecars troubleshooting guide (#1268)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/troubleshooting/03-40-incompatible-istio-sidecar-version.md

<!-- open-source-only -->
# Incompatible Istio Sidecar Version After the Istio Module's Update
## Symptom

> After the Istio module's update, the Istio custom resource (CR) is in the `Warning` sate and mesh connectivity is broken. When you click on the Warning in Kyma dashboard, or run `kubectl get istio default -n kyma-system -o jsonpath='{.status.description}'`, you get the message: 

Author: ```suggestion
After the Istio module's update, the Istio custom resource (CR) is in the `Warning` sate, and mesh connectivity is disrupted. When you click on the Warning in Kyma dashboard or run `kubectl get istio default -n kyma-system -o jsonpath='{.status.description}'`, you get the message: 
```

<!-- open-source-only -->
# Incompatible Istio Sidecar Version After the Istio Module's Update
## Symptom

> After the Istio module's update, the Istio custom resource (CR) is in the `Warning` sate, and mesh connectivity is disrupted. When you click on the warning in Kyma dashboard or run `kubectl get istio default -n kyma-system -o jsonpath='{.status.description}'`, you get the message: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Istio module's update, the Istio custom resource (CR) is in the `Warning` state, and mesh connectivity is disrupted. When you click on the warning in Kyma dashboard or run `kubectl get istio default -n kyma-system -o jsonpath='{.status.description}'`, you get the following message: 
```
